Man: HELP!
HELP!
[THINKING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS HAPPENING
HE CAME ALIVE!
AND TOOK MY FRIENDS!
PLEASE, SOMEONE, HELP!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: I CAN'T
BELIEVE EVERYONE LEFT
FOR WINTER BREAK.
THE CAMPUS FEELS SO EMPTY!
OH, WELL...
ALL THE MORE DUELING
FOR US, I GUESS!
Chumley: YEAH!
AND ALL THE MORE
CAFETERIA FOOD, TOO!
Banner: YES,
WHICH MAKES
YOU WONDER WHY
ALL WE'VE BEEN EATING
ARE MARSHMALLOWS.
WELL, WE ALREADY DOWNED
ALL THE GRILLED CHEESES!
WE?
MMM!
GO, ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN!
[MEOW]
[PANTING]
HELP!
[GROANS]
[GASPING]
UH, GUYS?!
WHOA, BRO!
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU'VE
SEEN A GHOST!
UH-HUH.
I--I HAVE.
UH, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
JINZO--
THE DUELING CARD.
UH, PROFESSOR BANNER,
YOU MIGHT WANT TO CALL
THE SCHOOL NURSE.
I KNOW YOU.
YOUR NAME'S TORREY,
YOU WERE IN MY
PARA-DUELING CLASS.
YEAH.
THAT'S RIGHT,
PROFESSOR BANNER,
AND EVERYTHING YOU
SAID WAS RIGHT
ABOUT DUEL SPIRITS
BEING REAL--
IT WAS ALL TRUE!
Jaden: UH,
BETTER MAKE THAT
THE SCHOOL THERAPIST.
JUST CALM DOWN,
TORREY,
AND TELL ME EVERYTHING
THAT HAPPENED
FROM THE VERY
BEGINNING.
YES, PROFESSOR.
A WHILE BACK,
I TOLD SOME OF MY
FRIENDS ABOUT YOUR CLASS
AND HOW YOU SAID THAT
UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS,
DUEL SPIRITS COULD
COME TO LIFE.
WELL, WE STARTED TRYING TO
CREATE THOSE CONDITIONS...
EVEN THOUGH WE KNEW
THE ACADEMY FORBIDS IT.
WE DID IT A COUPLE OF TIMES
AND NOTHING EVER HAPPENED--
UNTIL YESTERDAY.
MAYBE IT WAS 'CAUSE WE USED
OUR BED SHEETS AS CLOAKS
OR TOOK DR. CROWLER'S
BATH CANDLES,
BUT, ANYWAY, THIS TIME,
SOMETHING WAS DIFFERENT.
SEE, WE ALL PUT OUR
HANDS ON A MYSTIC BOX,
SAID THE CHANT,
AND IT HAPPENED.
All: FROM VAPOR TO FLESH,
FROM A WIND TO A ROAR,
COME, JINZO,
FROM THE LAND OF YORE!
[CREAKING]
[GASP]
HUH?
HUH?!
[ALL GASP]
THEN THE MYSTIC BOX
SPELLED OUT
"GIVE ME 3,
AND I'LL BE FREE."
WE THOUGHT THAT
HE MEANT CARDS.
OH, DEAR ME, NO!
JINZO'S APPETITE WOULD
NEVER BE SATIATED
BY MERE CARDS.
THIS IS JUST AWFUL.
WAIT, SO WHAT DID
THE "3" MEAN, TORREY?
IT MEANT PEOPLE.
PEOPLE?!
YES, AND UNFORTUNATELY,
WE HAD AGREED...
BEFORE WE KNEW BETTER.
SO, YOUR FRIENDS?
THEY'RE BOTH GONE.
I'VE LOOKED EVERYWHERE,
BUT IT'S LIKE THEY JUST
VANISHED INTO THIN AIR.
FIRST, IT WAS ONE,
THEN THE OTHER.
AND I JUST KNOW
IT'S GOING TO BE ME NEXT!
[GASPS]
HMM.
ARE YOU SURE THEY
DIDN'T JUST GO HOME
FOR WINTER BREAK,
TORREY?
I'D HOPED,
BUT I CALLED
THEIR PARENTS,
AND THEY
DIDN'T KNOW
WHERE THEY WERE.
HMM.
I DOUBT THEY COULD HAVE
MADE IT HOME ANYWAY.
AFTER ALL, I TRIED
TO LEAVE THE ISLAND,
BUT COULDN'T.
YOU SEE, ONCE I
GOT TO THE FERRY...
THERE HE WAS...
WAITING FOR ME.
[SINISTER LAUGH]
HUH?
GOING SOMEWHERE?
[SCREAMS]
RUN, BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE.
[WHIMPERING]
THERE'S NO ESCAPE.
HMM!
[THINKING]
WELL, WE SEEM
TO BE SAFE HERE.
[GASPS]
Syrus: WHAT WAS THAT?!
Banner: EASY, SYRUS.
MAYBE IT WAS
JUST A FUSE.
Chumley: YEAH,
OR M-MAYBE A BULB...
Deep voice:
OR MAYBE...
IT WAS ME!
[SCREAMING]
WE HAVE A DEAL!
Jaden:
NOT IF I CAN STOP YOU!
Syrus: WAIT UP!
Chumley: AW,
NOT RUNNING!
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?!
[THINKING]
SPIRIT OR NOT,
I'M STOPPING HIM.
UH...
IF I COULD FIND HIM.
Syrus: WHERE'D HE GO?
I DON'T KNOW.
AW, DON'T TELL ME I RAN
ALL THAT WAY FOR NOTHING!
UH...HMM?
[CAT MEWS]
Banner: PHARAOH,
WHAT'S WRONG?
I THINK HE CAN
SENSE HIM!
WELL...
ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT!
Chumley: AW, WHY DO
SPIRITS ALWAYS GO
WHERE IT'S SPOOKIEST?!
Jaden: WE GOTTA FIND JINZO!
[PANTING]
Syrus: WHAT
IS THIS PLACE?
Banner: FROM
THE LOOKS OF IT,
THIS MUST BE
THE CENTRAL
POWER STATION
FOR THE ENTIRE
ISLAND--
BUT I DO NOT SEE
JINZO ANYWHERE.
[GASPS]
WELL, I SEE TORREY!
YOU'RE SAFE, PAL!
[GASPS]
[ALL SCREAM]
NONE OF YOU ARE SAFE!
[GASPS]
JINZO!
WOW!
WHAT'S GOING ON,
PROFESSOR BANNER?
HOW IS JINZO APPEARING
LIKE THAT?!
IT IS
THE ELECTRICITY!
HE'S USING THE CURRENT
TO POWER HIMSELF UP.
HE IS A CLEVER ONE.
LET TORREY GO,
JINZO!
IF YOU NEED A THIRD
SACRIFICE SO BAD,
WELL THEN, THEN JUST
TAKE ME INSTEAD!
YOU HEAR ME, JINZO?!
TAKE ME!
OH, NO!
JADEN!
YOU DO EMIT MORE VITALITY
THAN THIS HUMAN.
I'LL TAKE YOU UP
ON YOUR OFFER.
FINE, ON ONE
CONDITION, THOUGH!
YOU AND I DUEL!
IF YOU WIN, YOU TAKE
MY LIFE ENERGY.
BUT I WIN...
AND YOU GIVE BACK
THE OTHER TWO YOU TOOK!
A DUEL?
VERY WELL.
I SHOULD BE ABLE
TO BE SUSTAINED
BY THIS
ELECTRICAL LIMBO
LONG ENOUGH
FOR A MATCH.
FIRST, I'LL BEAT YOU,
THEN I'LL CONSUME YOU!
YEAH, WE'LL SEE!
NOW, COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON, JINZO!
LET'S THROW DOWN!
HA!
YES.
LET'S.
FIRST, I SUMMON
MALICE DOLL OF DEMISE
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD ECTOPLASMER!
THIS FIENDISH SPIRIT
ALLOWS EACH PLAYER
TO SACRIFICE ONE MONSTER
AT THE END OF THEIR TURN.
THEN, HALF OF THAT
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE DEALT TO THE OPPOSING
PLAYER AS DAMAGE!
[GRUNTING]
[CACKLES]
OH, NO!
JADEN'S ALREADY
FALLEN BEHIND!
[THINKING]
THAT'S A CONTINUOUS SPELL CARD.
HE'LL BE ABLE TO USE
ITS MAGIC EVERY TURN.
BUT THEN, SO WILL I.
ALL RIGHT, SPOOKY,
HERE I COME!
ONLY ONE MONSTER.
BUT IT'LL HAVE TO DO.
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
AVIAN IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROWLS]
AND NEXT, I'M THROWING
DOWN 4 FACE-DOWNS!
AND PLAYING A CONTINUOUS
SPELL CARD OF MY OWN!
NOW, WHEN IT'S
YOUR TURN,
I GET TO DRAW 4 CARDS.
BUT THEN DURING MY TURN,
I'LL HAVE TO DISCARD 4.
BUT BEFORE ALL THAT,
I'M GONNA HAVE MY
HERO AVIAN ATTACK YOU!
WING STORM STRIKE!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!
NOW I'M GONNA
USE YOUR OWN
ECTOPLASMER'S SACRIFICE
EFFECT AGAINST YOU!
I'M GONNA GIVE UP AVIAN,
AND YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO GIVE UP
HALF OF HIS ATTACK POINTS
FROM YOUR LIFE POINTS!
[SCREAMS]
YEAH!
THAT'S THE SPIRIT!
I MEAN--THAT'S HOW
YOU BEAT A SPIRIT--
I MEAN--OH, YOU KNOW!
ALL RIGHT!
WE GOTTA GAME NOW!
Jinzo: A GAME
YOU'LL SOON LOSE!
AFTER ALL,
SINCE MALICE
DOLL OF DEMISE
WAS SENT TO
THE GRAVEYARD
DUE TO AN EFFECT
OF A SPELL CARD,
HE AUTOMATICALLY
RESURRECTS!
WELL, SPEAKING
OF SPELLS,
MINE NOW ACTIVATES!
MIRAGE OF NIGHTMARE!
I GET TO DRAW 4 CARDS!
AND NEXT, I'LL PLAY ONE
OF MY FACE-DOWNS!
OH, YEAH!
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS!
AND I'LL HAVE TO DISCARD
MIRAGE TO USE IT!
WHAT A MOVE!
HE GOT A THOUSAND POINTS
AND DITCHED MIRAGE--
NOW HE WON'T HAVE TO TOSS
ANY CARDS FROM HIS HAND!
I SUMMON EMISSARY
OF THE AFTERLIFE
IN ATTACK MODE!
OF COURSE,
ON SECOND THOUGHT...
IT MIGHT'VE BEEN SMART
TO PLAY A LITTLE DEFENSE.
AND SINCE YOU HAVE
NO MONSTERS OUT,
I CAN WAGE
A DIRECT ATTACK!
SICKLE SLASHER!
NOT SO FAST!
I PLAY
A HERO EMERGES!
NOW YOU HAVE TO PICK
ONE OF THE CARDS
IN MY HAND AT RANDOM,
AND IF IT'S A MONSTER,
I CAN SUMMON IT.
[GROWLS]
FAR RIGHT.
HEY, NICE PICK!
WELL, FOR ME, ANYWAY!
SAY HELLO TO...
ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN!
FOOLISH MORTAL!
BY SENDING EMISSARY
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
HIS SPECIAL EFFECT
IS ACTIVATED!
NOW, EACH OF US
CAN TAKE A MONSTER
FROM OUR DECKS AND PLACE
THEM IN OUR HANDS.
AND I CHOOSE
THOUSAND-EYES IDOL!
WELL, I'LL CHOOSE GOOD
OLD BURSTINATRIX!
SO BE IT.
NOW, TO CONTINUE
WITH MY TURN.
AND MALICE DOLL'S
ATTACK!
GO, CLEAVER HEAVER!
[GRUNTS]
AND DON'T FORGET
THE MAGIC OF ECTOPLASMER!
[GRUNTING]
HAVING THIS DUEL
WAS AN EXCELLENT IDEA!
IT'S MUCH BETTER TO
ENJOY SOMETHING SLOWLY
RATHER THAN TO TAKE
IT ALL AT ONCE.
Syrus: JADEN, YOUR LEGS!
THEY'RE FADING!
[GASP]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
HA HA! I'M COLLECTING
ON OUR DEAL.
YOU'VE LOST HALF
YOUR LIFE POINTS,
SO I'M TAKING HALF
YOUR LIFE FORCE--
AND IT FEELS GOOD!
WHOA.
I'M NOT GONNA LET
YOU TAKE ME, JINZO!
I'LL DUEL TO THE END!
[GRUNTS]
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
BUT WAIT!
THAT'S NOT ALL!
NEXT, I'LL PLAY
CLAY WRAP FROM MY FIELD,
AND EQUIP CLAYMAN WITH IT!
AND I'LL JUST
KEEP ON GOING
WITH POLYMERIZATION!
I FUSE BURSTINATRIX
WITH CLAYMAN
TO SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO RAMPART BLASTER
IN ATTACK MODE!
HERE'S THE SWEET PART--
SINCE CLAYMAN WAS
USED IN THE FUSION,
BOTH HE AND CLAY WRAP
ARE SENT TO
THE GRAVEYARD,
AND THAT ACTIVATES
A SPECIAL EFFECT--
AN EFFECT THAT
LETS ME TO DESTROY
A SPELL CARD
ON YOUR FIELD--
LIKE THAT ECTOPLASMER,
FOR EXAMPLE!
LICIOUS!
NOW JADEN WON'T
KEEP TAKING DAMAGE
FROM JINZO
SACRIFICING HIS CARDS!
AND NOW...
IT'S TIME TO LET BLASTER
DO WHAT HE DOES BEST!
AND THAT'S BLASTING!
RAMPART BARRAGE!
[GROWLING]
[CHEERING]
YOU'RE LUCKY YOU DIDN'T
HAVE A BODY FOR THAT ONE.
NOW, I'LL END MY TURN
BY THROWING DOWN
A FACE-DOWN.
MY DRAW.
AND I COULDN'T HAVE
ASKED FOR A BETTER ONE!
WITH THIS CARD,
MY RESURRECTION
IS ALL THE CLOSER.
WHAT CARD?
[CHUCKLES]
I ACTIVATE MALICE
DOLL'S SPECIAL ABILITY
AND RE-SUMMON HIM--
BUT ONLY SO
I CAN SACRIFICE HIM
IN ORDER TO CONJURE...
[LAUGHS]
JINZO!
[GRUNTING]
HUH?!
[LAUGHING]
OH, COME ON!
I MEAN, YOU CAN'T
DRAW YOURSELF!
I JUST DID!
AND NOW, I CAN ATTACK
YOU PERSONALLY!
CYBER ENERGY SHOCK,
DESTROY THE RAMPART
BLASTER!
[SCREAMS]
[GRUNTING]
YOU'RE NEXT.
OH, NO!
JADEN'S BLASTER
IS GONE-ZO!
AND WITH JINZO REALLY
OUT ON THE FIELD NOW,
JADEN WON'T BE ABLE
TO ACTIVATE ANY TRAP CARDS
'CAUSE OF THE SPECIAL
ABILITY HE HAS!
Jaden: ALL RIGHT!
IT'S MY MOVE!
AND I SUMMON
WROUGHT-WEILER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THERE'S A REASON
THEY CALL HIM
MAN'S BEST FRIEND.
NO DUH!
AND IF WROUGHT-WEILER
IS DESTROYED,
JADEN CAN TAKE
POLYMERIZATION
AND AN ELEMENTAL HERO
FROM HIS GRAVEYARD
AND PUT THEM
INTO HIS HAND!
IT'S STILL
A RISKY PLAY.
I HOPE HE KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING.
READY FOR MORE
PAIN, MORTAL?
I SUMMON SPIRIT CALLER
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROANING]
[THINKING]
HERE IT COMES.
AND THEN I'LL ATTACK
YOUR WROUGHT-WEILER
WITH CYBER ENERGY SHOCK!
WHOOPSIE!
NOW POLYMERIZATION
AND CLAYMAN
COME BACK TO MY HAND!
BUT NOT THE FIELD.
WHICH MEANS SPIRIT CALLER
CAN NOW ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
GO, BREATH FROM BEYOND!
[GRUNTING]
JADEN'S NOT
LOOKING TOO GOOD!
AW, MAN!
FINALLY, I'LL EQUIP MYSELF
WITH THE SPELL CARD
AMPLIFIER.
WITH THIS, I'M NOT BOUND
BY MY OWN SPECIAL
ABILITY ANY LONGER!
NOW, I CAN USE ANY
TRAP CARD I PLEASE.
SO, I'M CERTAIN
YOU CAN GUESS
WHAT THIS FACEDOWN MIGHT BE.
HA HA HA HA!
THIS IS SO
NOT LICIOUS.
NOW JADEN'S
BEHIND ON POINTS,
MONSTERS,
AND TRAPS, TOO!
YOUR DEMISE IS EMINENT!
I DON'T THINK SO!
I'M PLAYING THE MAGIC
OF POT OF GREED!
THIS LET'S ME DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS.
NEXT, I'M SUMMONING
ELEMENTAL HERO BUBBLEMAN!
AND I'M GONNA GIVE HIM
EVEN MORE POP
WITH THIS--
BUBBLE BLASTER!
THIS EQUIP SPELL CARD
INCREASES HIS ATTACK
POINTS BY 800!
NOW, ATTACK,
WITH BOMBARDING
BUBBLE BARRAGE!
Jinzo: WELL DONE.
BY DESTROYING
SPIRIT CALLER,
YOU'VE WALKED
RIGHT INTO MY TRAP!
SPIRIT BARRIER!
THIS KEEPS ME
FROM TAKING DAMAGE
AS LONG AS THERE'S
A MONSTER ON MY FIELD.
AND IN CASE
YOU'VE FORGOTTEN,
THERE IS--ME!
YOU'RE STILL JUST
A PHANTOM TO ME!
AND THIS CARD HERE
IS GONNA HELP ME
KEEP YOU THAT WAY!
FAIRY OF THE SPRING!
WITH IT, I CAN TAKE
ONE EQUIP SPELL CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND PUT IT IN MY HAND.
AND I CHOOSE THIS ONE!
HUH?!
CLAY WRAP?!
HEY, THAT'S THE EQUIP
THAT CAN TAKE OUT A SPELL
OR TRAP CARD IF IT GETS
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD!
COULD COME IN HANDY!
NOW, I'LL THROW
DOWN A FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
HA!
WELL, I CALL
THAT PATHETIC!
ALMOST AS PATHETIC AS
I'M ABOUT TO MAKE
YOUR BUBBLEMAN LOOK!
WHOOPS!
GUESS I DIDN'T MENTION THAT
WHEN BUBBLE MAN IS EQUIPPED
WITH BUBBLE BLASTER,
HE DOESN'T BURST,
IT'S HIS WEAPON
THAT DOES!
THAT BUYS YOU
ONE TURN.
THAT'S ALL.
AND, HOPEFULLY,
THAT'S ALL I'LL NEED!
HA!
HMM.
[COOING]
[THINKING]
KURIBOH!
OH, YEAH,
I'M WITH YA, PAL.
HE IS ONE UGLY DUDE.
A SPIRIT?!
HE'S A FRIEND FIRST
AND A SPIRIT SECOND!
WHICH IS PROBABLY
WHY HE DOESN'T NEED
TO SNACK ON HUMAN
SOULS TO CHILL OUT
HERE IN THE LAND
OF THE LIVING!
NOW, BACK TO BUSINESS!
I PLAY HERO CLAYMAN!
AND I'M GONNA OUTFIT
HIM WITH THE CLAY WRAP
I BROUGHT BACK FROM
THE GRAVEYARD.
BUT I'M NOT DONE JUST YET!
NEXT, I'M GONNA BUST
OUT POLYMERIZATION
AND FUSE HIM
WITH BUBBLEMAN...
[GASPS]
TO CREATE ELEMENTAL
HERO MUDBALLMAN!
AND SINCE CLAY WRAP HAS NOW
BEEN SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN USE ITS
SPECIAL EFFECT--
AND DESTROY
THAT AMPLIFIER!
[GRUNTS]
LICIOUS!
AND WHEN AMPLIFIER IS
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
THE MONSTER THAT'S EQUIPPED
WITH IT IS DESTROYED, TOO!
NICE!
WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
[SCREAMING]
HA HA!
Jinzo: NO!
I'M TOO CLOSE.
I WON'T LET
IT END HERE!
I REFUSE!
[GROANING]
TORREY, YOU OK?
I AM NOT TORREY,
I AM JINZO,
AND I RAISE MYSELF
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
WITH CALL OF THE HUNTED!
NO, YOU DON'T!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD
SOLEMN JUDGMENT!
SURE, IT TAKES HALF
MY LIFE POINTS TO USE,
BUT THAT'S OK, 'CAUSE IT
ALSO TAKES THAT TRAP CARD
YOU WERE ABOUT
TO PLAY, AND...
DESTROYS IT!
NO!
AND NOW, HERO
MUDBALLMAN, FINISH HIM!
MIRE SHOCKWAVE!
[SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
[COOS]
MY GOODNESS!
[ALL GASP]
[BEEPING]
[GROANING]
HUH?
YOU OK?
WHOA. WHAT HAPPENED?
DID I MISS BREAKFAST?
[LAUGHS]
WHAT?
[SNORING]
HUH?
THEY'RE ALL BACK--
SAFE AND SOUND!
OH.
THINK THEY KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED?
[THINKING]
PROBABLY BE BEST
IF THEY FORGOT.
BUT I SURE WON'T.
DUEL SPIRITS
AREN'T JUST REAL,
THEY'RE DANGEROUS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE GET
OUT OF HERE, GUYS...
AND LET 'EM SLEEP IT OFF?
I'M SURE THEIR
SPIRITS ARE WEARY!
HUH?!
[LAUGHS]
Jaden: OH, COME ON,
THAT WAS GOOD!
Chumley: YOU KNOW
WHAT'D BE GOOD?
SOME GRILLED MARSHMALLOW
SANDWICHES.
Syrus: WE HAVEN'T
RUN OUT YET?
Chumley: I'M NOT
RUNNING ANYWHERE!